refresh_warehouse Snowflake config (#9189)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-v1.12.md

- You can create Snowflake dynamic tables as transient (no [Fail-safe period](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-failsafe)) by setting the [`transient`](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs#transient-dynamic-tables) config on models. 

    When `transient` is not set on a model, the [`snowflake_default_transient_dynamic_tables`](/reference/global-configs/snowflake-changes#the-snowflake_default_transient_dynamic_tables-flag) flag controls the default. Set this flag to `true` to make all dynamic tables transient by default.

> - You can use the [`refresh_warehouse`](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs#refresh-warehouse) parameter to specify a separate warehouse for a dynamic table's automatic refresh operations, independent of `snowflake_warehouse` which is used for <Term id="ddl" />  execution. This lets you use a smaller warehouse for refreshes while keeping a larger warehouse for DDL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the [`refresh_warehouse`](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs#refresh-warehouse) parameter to choose which Snowflake warehouse runs a dynamic table’s automatic refreshes. This is separate from `snowflake_warehouse`, which is used for <Term id="ddl" /> execution. For example, you might use a smaller warehouse for refreshes and a larger one for DDL.
```
